Oh for me you know George Bernard Shaw
said no question is so difficult as that
which the answer is obvious and I think
that applies here is that the the
question seems difficult because it's so
obvious and we think there must be
something simpler there must be
something more complicated but actually
the answer is very simple from me
the key is stillness and quietness I
went I was preaching in a church a
revival had broken out a lot of people
get saved tell us real short and I heard
one of the new converts talking to an
elder and the new convert was asking the
elder you know what's the key to prayer
he was saying I hear people sound what
they pray four hours a day he said you
know I prayed for five minutes and then
I don't know what to talk about so the
elders started giving advice I heard him
I overheard this conversation the elder
said first what you need to do is make a
list of all your friends then make a
list of your family members make a list
of all the things going on in the world
all the current events make a list of
the things you're thankful for make a
list of all your needs and he said once
you've made all these lists then he said
then you'll have enough fodder there so
that you can pray for a long long time
and I thought to myself the guy that the
elders would pray very much that was my
opinion so why not when they had walked
away from each other I grabbed that
young guy and I pulled close and I said
and I give you my advice on on how to
how to pray he said yeah please I said
just be quiet
just listen when you're in a
conversation with somebody especially
somebody that is much wiser than you and
has much more profound things to say
your best bet is just to be quiet
and to listen to what they have to say
and if you learn to do that if you learn
to listen you'll find prayer becomes
life-giving you'll find that there is an
outpouring of divine life into you
rather than you just trying to perform
and rack your brain and talk a lot so
for me that's that's how I practice the
presence of the Lord that's the key for
me is stealing my own spirit mind soul
and training my ears to list
to that the voice of the Good Shepherd
Jesus is my sheep hear my voice and I
know them and they follow me so that's
my take